add docs for Brightcove player (#12)
BrightcoveLearning/play-2019-techathon: docs/player.md

# Brightcove Player

The Brightcove Player is generally provided as an embed code that is included in client code. For more technical users, we provide a [Brightcove Player Loader][player-loader] and a [Brightcove React Player Loader][react-player-loader] to make it easier to load Brightcove Players in Javascript applications.

Players can be [created and styled][create-player] in Video Cloud. In this project, we're going to use the default player that is provided.

## Usage

> [React Player Loader][react-player-loader] provides a React component that will load a Brightcove Player for a specific account. At least the `accountId` and `onSuccess` callback must be provided as props. For example:

Reviewer: 'Minimally, the `accountId`...'
```suggestion
[React Player Loader][react-player-loader] provides a React component that will load a Brightcove Player for a specific account. Minimally, the `accountId` and `onSuccess` callback must be provided as props. For example:
```
